so um this is a hard day I knew and this
is the new beer out but it's not old
trail whenever this car is back in style
um I'm taking this the same the same of
everything to buy it slide off like this
I mean I'm showing pointless things but
this is where I like to know um this is
how I come just like this it's got a net
over it and everything I actually um and
the color is one big was it my sensitive
about 26 yeah alright so this disc at
Lafitte's did it plus I haven't seen um
let me show you what the hair looks like
coming out the box I took the knit off
living but this is right here look come
at the rock sing body hit by if you
measure on the hair to be cutting blue
well it's on the full thing in my tight
little bit longer Moby little bit Martin
across the parties mom that's what I'm
others
you
this would look like go on it a little
bit too much ago so useless little nip
you have to kind of lit nose at all if
you are there and when you have to kind
of leave it see it or blow on it too so
it won't be so raining bake them when
you get ready to put it on your hair cuz
the bull will split I kind of splatter
everywhere okay number one put this is
closed down to the bottom if I if I
canyon because I need to care to include
get moving in with your bull dry so I'm
back I have been probably four to five
tracks for five more I'm going from here
to write into these so from their part
the part where my own the little
rectangle with my real hair to want to
check this already right there does it
so the global to write a lousy and it
won't be so um unruly
um I want to show you guys to be the one
I leave this city that little section
out fight him because so you see that
you guys who Nikki it's all done in hair
all this is up you will not be able to
all this is a week alone I want for two
tracks in my pain because i think this
book's little enough in my opinion at
this point oh oh i can't at this point
because i just start seeing the actual
body and stuff in pretty in the hair
it's a kind of thing into them after
that all this work to do but whatever
kind of like straight across I guess it
kinda into angles own to kind of close
it will give you more or less even when
it starts going like this you'll see
more of a hour I believe it more of a
more of the layer with higher you guys
this is one of those this is my whole
package of their every lebanese except
for ways it goes except for this little
piece of our interviews newspaper at
some point i'm sure package in this
cemetery i have um there's how much my
hair I have
I'm just gonna show you guys the results
of my do we do me a friend my in style
do the rap um I laughter I ain't really
fun I was you know in them video make a
move or whatever and i will come to this
show you how to cut this part and do all
this precious stuff to to the front so
that this part you know is your real
hair but i got a call for you boo and of
course the book comes before Facebook
I'm not trifle oh I'm saying a Facebook
ad before I didn't get a chance to
record their part um but i'm going to
show you a so i'm showing you that right
now what my hair looks like i'm going to
figure out a better way to wear this
part but is it usual I don't know if it
has me on one side or what I will call
these but mostly to the right places
really
you